are you longing to see a movie with good
clean fun
do you like to watch a screen full of
savage bloodthirsty rampaging Indians on
the warpath
does a tender story of family devotion
get you right here if you're my father
if you love me you'll shoot him well I'm
your father
and I sure love you so are you shining
the superb horsemanship thrill you
does genteel elegance hold you and throw
if so then McClintock will hit you where
you live do you like a story of
inspiring restraint and self-control now
we'll all calm down boss he's just a
little excited I know I know I'm gonna
use good judgment I haven't lost my
temper in 40 years but pilgrim you
caused a lot of trouble this morning
might have got somebody killed and
somebody ought to belt you in the mouth
but I won't
I won't the hell I will
the screen hasn't seen such a
rip-roaring no-holds-barred Donnybrook
in years and you have ever seen so much
wild frantic fun as John Wayne SD a
movable GW McClintock flashes head-on
with an irresistible firebrand of a
redhead named Maureen O'Hara